Add options to export pins into file and load it back (#209)
buo/homebrew-cask-upgrade: README.md

Pinned apps will not be updated by `brew cu` until they are unpinned.
NB: version pinning in `brew cu` will not prevent `brew cask upgrade` from updating pinned apps.

### Export / Import pinned apps

> In order to export backup you pinned casks into a file, simply pass `--export` option to the `pinned` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to export backup of your pinned casks into a file, simply pass `--export` option to the `pinned` command.
```

```sh
brew cu pinned --export my-backup-filename.txt
```

> **Note**: Versions, in which were casks pinned, are not exported as it is nt possible to install a specific version afterwards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Versions, in which were casks pinned, are not exported as it is not possible to install a specific version afterwards. 
```

> **Note**: Versions, in which were casks pinned, are not exported as it is nt possible to install a specific version afterwards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Versions, in which were casks pinned, are not exported as it isn’t possible to install a specific version afterwards. 
```
